Date - 3/6/23

Elizabeth Haynes - Current

Technical Skill - Consistently Exceeds Expectations

You make a consistent effort to collaborate with both Product and Engineering team members through meeting attendance, slack conversations, 1:1 conversations, and asynchronous document work.
When you’re not certain how changes might impact the user workflow (and therefore the documentation), you raise questions to make sure you and everyone involved are aligned on expected user experience.
Your writing reflects one consistent voice and tone throughout.
When given feedback that might deviate from the existing tone, you incorporate the feedback while adjusting it to match the preferred tone.
You demonstrate awareness of what tone will work best for the users, and you differentiate between technical documentation tone and other writing, such as marketing.
You dove into the product upon arriving at ScienceIO, and you’ve made consistent efforts to keep learning about the product as we iterate and expand our offerings.

Ownership & Growth - Consistently Exceeds Expectations

You proactively seek feedback, both on your writing and on your overall work.
When given feedback on your overall working style, you respond with gratitude, thoughtful questions. You identify specific actions you can take to continue to grow in the area(s) discussed.
Our current documentation tool makes it tricky to quickly transfer updates from one section to another. You carefully consider how each update might impact other areas of the documentation and take time to input those changes as needed.
During quick turnarounds, such as an update for a client request or sprint launch, you occasionally miss small bugs such as text not formatting correctly on the published page. These are typically caught by the peer review process, and you take ownership and responsibility for the outputs.
(while we don’t yet have a “style guide”, I am using this umbrella to talk about your ownership of the documentation overall style and consistency)
You consider the long-term, creating documentation that is easy to update later when necessary (or as easy as possible with the given tools)
As mentioned above

Communication & Collaboration - Consistently Exceeds Expectations

(while you don’t have any “peers” on the Documentation team today, I am using this point to think about how you communicate with other people at the company about their writing and/or their requests for you to make changes to your writing)
When sharing feedback on others’s writing, solicited or unsolicited, you provide clear, direct feedback that focuses on the writing and not the person. You provide context when needed, such as clarity on what experience leads you to offer that specific feedback.
You consistently demonstrate kindness and respect in all communications, both spoken and written, and both internal and external.
As mentioned above:
As mentioned above:
Sometimes, in these high intensity moments, your frustration shines through in your communication. You might choose a more clipped response, or shut down a line of communication you find frustrating. You demonstrate maturity and self-awareness in that you consistently notice these moments, talk about them with your manager, and seek feedback and advice on how you might handle the situation differently in the future.

Customer Centricity - Consistently Exceeds Expectations

You actively seek feedback from people who interact directly with customers and users.
When slack conversations occur about user communication and questions, you take in the information and turn the feedback into specific updates and changes to the documentation.
As mentioned above:
